---
layout: page
title: Falodian Backgrounds
permalink: /games/falode/falodian-backgrounds/
---

## Backgrounds

### Dorsht Seeker

The Dorsht are a race of mountain dwellers who live inside the Kingdom
of Falode, but maintain their own "country" (in the mountain range to
the South of Beebrook) through a special alliance with the King. They
have coarse, muted hair that they often braid or dye, rough, pale
brown skin from spending so much of their lives indoors, and a
stockier, rounder build than those of the Falodians.

Seekers are those of the Dorsht who leave the mountains in search of
something, be it technology, absolution, or purpose. There are thus
many reasons the Dorsht might become adventurers. Many will eventually
return to the mountains; Those that don't before their demise become
the new target for some other Seeker.

The Dorsht wear face paint each and every day. This face paint is both
reflective of their role in their society, their personal history, and
what they value in life. Each Dorsht has a glyph that they alone are
prescribed, which stays with them through their entire lives and
adorns their face each waking day. This is the minimum they are
willing to resort to, if they cannot access their paints or doing so
would be inappropriate.


**Ability Adjustments:** +1 Con, -1 Cha.

**Bonus Feats:** Night Vision, Second Chance (Mental Control), Tough

**Favored Feats:** Tough, Diehard

### Ehdrin Traveler

The Ehdrin are a reclusive people from the Isthmus past the Western
Borders of Falode. They are a tall, golden tawny people with brightly
colored hair. Both their men and women have no facial hair to speak
of, though they tend to decorate their hair with styling and beads.

They are largely a reclusive people, rarely allowing foreigners to
come into contact with them. As a result, most Ehdrin Adventurers are
designated (in one way or another) as "Travelers" for the Ehdrin:
Ambassadors who 'travel the world looking for any events which might
bring trouble to the Ehdrin' and are expected to report back, should
something of any magnitude come to pass.

Ehdrin Travelers are, before their departure (or their exile) given
two tattoos: One on the back of each hand. The left is a regional one
that relates to their life before becoming a traveler. The right is a
personal, individual symbol used to identify them, and only
them. Through magic, these tattoos are echoed through their skin onto
their very bones, so that they might be identified should only their
skeleton remain intact.


**Ability Adjustments:** +1 Int, -1 Str

**Bonus Feats:** Assessment, Light Sleeper

**Bonus Skills:** One Skill of Player's Choice

**Favored Feats:** Well-Informed, Seize Initiative

### Falodian Noble

The Noble Class in the Kingdom of Falonde is charged with "Upholding
the honor of Falonde to ourselves and others." They are fair-skinned,
with dark brown or black hair. They nearly all have violet eyes; Other
colors are seen as a mixed heritage of some sort. They tend to be of
average height, with women being slightly shorter than men.

Nobles in Falode are charged with being observant and inclusive of all
around them at the expense of knowing history or studying. Though they
are the 'ruling class' of Falode, they view themselves lower than
others: They have been charged with a Duty to keep things working and
help others to live their lives in exchange for the resources and
freedom to enact that as best as they can from the Queen and King.

Each Noble Family has a different Charge, with grouped families
sharing the same colors.  The rest of the specific coat of arms is
chosen by the individual, and all Nobles must have a coat of arms on
record with the king. They are given a set of ceremonial armor in
their family's colors, which they are very used to wearing at all
formal events.


**Ability Adjustments:** +1 Wis, -1 Int.

**Bonus Feats:** Benefit(Diplomatic Immunity), Armor Training(Light)

**Bonus Skills:** Diplomacy, Knowledge(Nobility)

**Favored Feats:** Fascinate, Favored Opponent

### Falodian Commoner

Unlike Nobles, the Peasantry of the Kingdom of Falode do not uphold
much other than themselves (and occasionally each other). They, as the
nobles, tend to be fair skinned, but have lighter colored hair and
blue or brown eyes. They tend to be of average height, with women
slightly shorter than men.

Commoners try to eke out enough of a living to survive, and are often
forced to do manual labor of some sort. Their culture, in possible
response to the more world-mindedness of the nobles, is very self
involved. They become used to running, as time is a premium and danger
haunts the less populated areas. But, they are quick learners, and
become very good at what they choose to do.

Far from the complex coat of arms the Nobles concern themselves with,
each Commoner family gets their own secret sign, which along with
short symbols (like danger, friendly, emergency, and such) form a sort
of language used to communicate information. This varies somewhat from
town to town, but the big symbols always stay the same (and family
symbols are always different).

**Ability Adjustments:** +1 Str, -1 Wis.

**Bonus Feats:** Run, Endurance, Skill Training

**Favored Feats:** Weapon Break, Hide in Plain Sight

### Khula Trader

The Khula are a race of brown-skinned people who've settled to the
North of Beebrook, just outside the limits of the Kingdom of
Falode. They have coarse, dark hair, and green (and sometimes hazel or
brown) eyes. They are on the shorter side, with women being taller
than men.

The Khula are an industrious people. The land they've decided to call
home is relatively isolated; what they cannot obtain naturally they
trade for from others. This has created a class of Khula Traders, who
leave their country regularly in an effort to procure items, deals,
and connections for their homeland. Though it's expected they return
regularly, provided they remain in contact with the Khula they can be
out in the field for years at a time.

Each Khula Trader is given a cane, decorated with symbols representing
their family, their deeds, and their specialties. They thus accumulate
a breadth of symbols over the course of their lives, but none is so
important as the top of the cane, which is often an ornate crystal of
some kind, set with a design that is uniquely their own.

**Ability Adjustments:** +1 Cha, -1 Dex

**Bonus Feats:** Connected, Wealthy, Contacts

**Favored Power:** Object Reading


### Viliniti Diasporan

The Viliniti used to live in what is now Eastern Falode. They are a
short people with ochre colored skin and dark colored hair and
eyes. They are graceful, both in movement and deed, but their rather
sparse way of life leaves them more frail than others.

The Viliniti now live among the Falode in small, discrete
groups. Though Eastern Falode belonged to them a few centuries ago,
there are only a small number of people who still feel they should not
cooperate with the Kingdom (to a point- they still look out for their
own, just without active rebellion). They are naturally migratory, and
thus any Viliniti might become an adventurer.

The Viliniti have always had a 'knack with animals'. They have a
heightened sense of smell, and seem to be able to communicate fairly
well with animals around them. They spend a lot of their lives
travel ling, and have developed watchful eyes to prevent themselves
from falling under misfortune.

Every Viliniti has a necklace with charms on it to remember important
events in their life- including their birth. They are very protective
of this necklace, though they have more than memorized each symbol it
holds, and can recount with unerring detail each part of it, should it
be destroyed. But, only a very small number of things will force a
Viliniti to sacrifice their necklace.

**Ability Adjustments:** +1 Dex, -1 Con.

**Bonus Feats:** Keen Sense of Smell, Animal Empathy

**Bonus Skills:** Survival, Notice

**Favored Feats:** Beast Link
