---
layout: page
title: Falodian Pantheon
permalink: /games/falode/falodian-pantheon/
---

# Falodian Pantheon

This is the officially recognized pantheon for the Kingdom of Falode.

It is by no means exhaustive; Other Gods and Goddesses are worshipped
throughout the land, but are either too minor or too contrary to be
officially noted here yet. Every major metropolitan area in Falode is
required by Royal Law to have a shrine to each of these deities. Small
towns, of course, are not.

## Listings

The Deities of the Falodian Pantheon form themselves into various groups.

Firstly, the Hierarchy: There were once only ten deities. Of these ten,
two stood up and took control: Alil and Jeha. They took up the cause
of defending the Fates. The others would defer to them, but keep their
own individuality for the most part, and became Beholden to the
Fates. Over time, various Children were born to them all: They became
the Children of the Fates.

Secondly, there are groupings based on Status and Culture: Gods and
Goddesses, first, to promote an easy way to divide the group. Then,
there were some who began work on some... questionable goals. These
became the Watched. The Shepards all took up a single race of mortal
and swore to guide them to success. And then, during the Great
Conflicts, there came two groups: The Structure, who wanted to create
an ordered, logical world... And the Freedom, who wanted to create a
chaotic, complex world.

### Hierarchy

**Head of Fates:** Alil and Jeha.

**Beholden to Fates:** Akanindal, Etor, Medesa, Mikha, Modulo,
  Sintheta, Tehari, Zoniana.

**Children of Fates:** Agatamam, Amazal, Castisa, Deja, Gatu, Gora,
  Idwahnae, Malilihara, Saraph, Satam.

### Groupings

**Gods:** Alil, Akanindal, Etor, Modulo, Tehari, Agatamam, Amazal,
  Gatu, Saraph, Satam.

**Goddesses:** Jeha, Medesa, Mikha, Sintheta, Zoniana, Castisa, Deja,
  Gora, Idwahnae, Malilihara.

**Watched:** Etor, Sintheta, Gatu, Gora.

**Shephards:** Tehari, Agatamam, Satam, Deja, Idwahnae.

**Structure:** Alil, Tehari, Mikha, Gatu, Akanindal, Sintheta.

**Freedom:** Jeha, Etor, Zoniana, Gora, Medesa, Modulo.

## Alil

One of the Leaders of the Fates, Alil is a shining beacon of order and
virtue amongst all others. Known for being seen as, at all costs,
honorable and strong, he is the pinnacle of Structure in the Falodian
Pantheon. He represents Civilization, Unyielding Honor, Absolute
Truth, and Strength of Character.

**Title:** God of Gods

**Symbol:** Sun and Cloud

**Aspects:** Sun, Order, Virtue, Strength

## Jeha

One of the Head of the Fates, Jeha is an ever-present guardian of
creation and mortality in all of its forms. Known for being
spontaneous to a fault, she is the pinnacle of Freedom in the Falodian
Pantheon. She represents Imperfect Creation, Adaptive Reasoning,
Intrinsic Understanding, and Mortality.

**Title:** Goddess of Goddesses

**Symbol:** Moon and Star

**Aspects:** Moon, Chaos, Creation, Charisma

## Akanindal

One of those Beholden to the Fates, Akanindal is a spreader of
knowledge and truth to all those who seek it. Known for being crass
and blunt, he is incapable of concealing the truth, no matter how
badly it hurts. He represents Useful Technology, Well-known Secrets,
and Being True to Yourself.

**Title:** God of Fire

**Symbol:** Burning Book

**Aspects:** Fire, Knowledge, Vice

## Tehari

One of those Beholden to the Fates, Tehari is the guardian of the
Kingdom of Falode. Known for his bent towards protecting and aiding
others, he embodies everything Falode aspires towards. He represents
Far-Reaching Change, Unity in Diversity, and Humble Service.

**Title:** God of Falode

**Symbol:** Blooming Shield

**Aspects:** Air, Plants, Falodians

## Modulo

One of those Beholden to the Fates, Modulo is obsessed with finding
valuable items and tools. Known for his lack of respect for personal
property, nothing is beyond his reach, should he decide that he has a
need for it. He represents Addressing Necessity, Borrowing Without
Asking, and Discovering Secrets.

**Title:** God of Stolen Goods

**Symbol:** Shining Chest

**Aspects:** Cold, Magic, Thievery

## Etor 

One of those Beholden to the Fates, Etor values Individuality above
all else. Known for once being a mortal who was uplifted to Godhood,
he feels all should be allowed to live as they please- to hell with
the consequences. He represents Imperfection, Forgiveness, and Nature.

**Title:** God of Individuals

**Symbol:** Broken Ring

**Aspects:** Chaos, Animals, Plants

## Zoniana

One of those Beholden to the Fates, Zoniana embodies the spirit of
life, love, and creation. Known for her role as midwife to the others,
she holds children and family in great esteem. She represents
Bountiful Fertility, Newfound Love, and Family.

**Title:** Goddess of Life

**Symbol:** Sprouting Babe

**Aspects:** Earth, Love, Hearth/Life

## Medesa

One of those Beholden to the Fates, Medesa promotes health within
ourselves, our community, and our environment. Known for her
fairminded kindness towards all who seek her aid, she is nontheless
blind. She represents Natural Harmony, Long-term Healing, and Charity
to Others.

**Title:** Goddess of Deltas

**Symbol:** Delta-fed River

**Aspects:** Water, Animals, Healing

## Sintheta

One of those Beholden to the Fates, Sintheta embodies the end of all
things. Known for her patience and wit, she (among others) introduced
the idea of Entropy into the mortal world. She represents Natural
Decay, White Lies, and Gambling.

**Title:** Goddess of Death

**Symbol:** Beskulled Dice

**Aspects:** Cold, Trickery, Death

## Mikha

One of those Beholden to the Fates, Mikha advocates for justice
towards all. Known for her fiery heart and sharp tongue, she is quick
to anger and quicker to get to the bottom of any issue. She represents
Absolute Justice, Level Playing Fields, and Retribution.

**Title:** Goddess of Justice

**Symbol:** Sword and Helm

**Aspects:** Order, Protection, War

## Amazal

One of the Children of the Fates, Amazal is fascinated with overcoming
challenges. Known for his penchant towards stacking odds against
himself, he is tougher than most in body and mind. He represents
Storms and Natural Hardship.

**Title:** God of Weather

**Symbol:** Raincloud

**Aspects:** Constitution, Weather

## Saraph

One of the Children of the Fates, Saraph is the ultimate romantic
showoff. Known for his skill with a pen and his hands, tales of his
past romances with all manner of partners are where he draws his
teachings from. He represents Graceful Stunts and Passionate Romance.

**Title:** God of Romance

**Symbol:** Rose and Note

**Aspects:** Dexterity, Love

## Satam

One of the Children of the Fates, Satam is the guardian of the
Dorsht. Known for his paintings and artful eye, he can derive truth
from seemingly meaningless symbolism surrounding a situation. He
represents Careful Attention to Detail and Creative Symbolism.

**Title:** God of Dorsht

**Symbol:** Paintbrush

**Aspects:** Dorsht, Painting

## Agatamam

One of the Children of the Fates, Agatamam is the guardian of the
Viliniti. Known for his many pets (and, as he puts it, feral friends),
he shares a connection with each and every animal in the world. He
represents Understanding Without Words and Domesticating Animals.

**Title:** God of Viliniti

**Symbol:** Necklace

**Aspects:** Viliniti, Animals

## Gatu

One of the Children of the Fates, Gatu is one half of the team working
to undo Sintheta's gift of Entropy. Known for his restless and
repugnant research, he refuses to cease his studies for any reason-
including ethics and laws. He represents Sacrifice and Obsession.

**Title:** God of Forbidden Knowledge

**Symbol:** Skull Book

**Aspects:** Undeath, Knowledge

## Malilihara

One of the Children of the Fates, Malilihara is an energetic engineer
and researcher remembered for her gifts to ancient Falode. Known for
her obsession with discovering new facts about herself and others. She
represents Unashamed Experimentation and Useful Knowledge.

**Title:** Goddess of Learning

**Symbol:** Quill and Scroll

**Aspects:** Intelligence, Knowledge

## Castisa

One of the Children of the Fates, Castisa was a quietly observing
third party in most of the Great Conflicts. Known for her devotion to
balance in all things, she is much more likely to listen than she is
to talk. She represents Patient Observation and Universal Balance.

**Title:** Goddess of Nature

**Symbol:** Campher Tree

**Aspects:** Wisdom, Nature

## Deja

One of the Children of the Fates, Deja is the guardian of the
Khula. Known for her skilled tongue, she has made many a deal both on
the mortal plane and in many others. She represents Openness to Change
and Recognition of Value.

**Title:** Goddess of Khula

**Symbol:** Shining Cane

**Aspects:** Khula, Trade

## Idwahnae

One of the Children of the Fates, Idwahnae is the guardian of the
Ehdrin. Known for her black-and-white view of the world, she marks the
truth of the ages in tatoos on her skin. She represents Permanence and
Defined Boundaries.

**Title:** Goddess of Ehdrin

**Symbol:** Inked Needle

**Aspects:** Ehdrin, Tattooing

## Gora

One of the Children of the Fates, Gora is one half of the group trying
to undo Sintheta's gift of Entropy. Known for refusing to accept
things as they are, she tirelessly works to reshape things in her own
image as best she can. She represents Selfish Goals and Stubborn
Persistance.

**Title:** Goddess of Refusal

**Symbol:** Skull Fist

**Aspects:** Vice, Undeath
