---
layout: page
title: Ancanion #001
permalink: /logs/ancan-001/
---

## Ancanion Adventure Log #1

### Session: 2017-02-07 Tue

<div class="small box" markdown="1">
This log was played using the Acanion Sandbox Resources and the
Pathfinder Resource Document.

Thanks go out to my Players: Rachel and Ethan.

</div>

#### Part I: Ogres at the Beach

Our tale begins in the small hamlet of *Lukil*, A smattering of cottages
on the coast of the Open Sea. Our heroes spent the previous night put up
in one of the local\'s houses, with **Zephia** taking the bed and
**Billie** sleeping on the floor (as they don\'t mind sleeping on the
floor).

Leaving the house to the sounds of gulls flying lazily over the town,
**Billie** hears the sound of the shore in the distance. They\'ve never
seen the ocean before, and **Zephia** suggests they go to take it in for
a while. **Billie**a acquiesces.

Once they arrive at the shore, **Billie** looks out over the vast waters
before them, as unphased as ever. They wonder as to what might be on the
other side of the ocean, to which **Zephia** responds: \'another
continent\'. At this, **Billie** widens their eyes a bit.

**Billie** wants to swim across. They think they could make it.

Instead, the party decides to walk the shore a while. After about an
hour, as the shore has started to curve inward and form the outermost
part of the Lindenbay, the duo hears something on the other side of a
nearby dune: A woman\'s scream. After a brief discussion, they decide to
climb the dune to see if they can lend a hand.

The party sees a trio of Ogres, all with Greatclubs and Javelins at
their waists, standing around an unconscious gnome with long gray hair.

**Billie** calls out, asking what they are doing to the lady. The leader
responds that they own her now. **Billie** wants to see the bill of
sale. The ogre throws a stick in the duo\'s general direction, turns
away. Another picks up the lady and throws her over his shoulder. The
trio of ogres begin to leave, walking away from the town.

The duo follow them, with **Billie** badgering them with questions about
the legality of their purchase. Eventually, **Zephia** gets fed up. He
demands they stop, which they do after the notion of combat is brought
forth.

They throw the gnome on the ground, with one shrugging off his bag and
relieving himself nearby her. Yelling obscenities and threatening them
with violence, he successfully scares one of them off. The others
prepare for combat.

**Billie** goes up to the leader, muttering an arcane word of command as
they do. Their longsword becomes slick with acid just before it\'s
plunged deep into the arm of the ogre. **Zephia** comes up, deciding
it\'s time to take him down a size. He tries to punch the leader in the
dick, but unfortunately the ogre was wearing a cup.

After each getting hit across the face with a solid greatclub swing,
**Billie** peels off to attack the second ogre with both of their
weapons. Both strike true, and the second weapon releases its charged
force bolt on the ogre as well. **Zephia**, still fighting the first
ogre, manages to break through the cup and do some real damage this
time... Partly due to his cloaking of his arms in fire.

At this point, the leader calls for retreat. They abandon the gnome, and
try to flee.

The party decides that that will *not* do.

**Billie** runs up to the second ogre, stabbing their weapons into its
flesh as if to climb it. **Zephia** comes up to finish it off. They then
look to the leader, who despite his injuries is easily 50 yards away at
this point. **Billie** launches another bolt of magical force, which
easily takes him down.

#### Part II: Mistrusted Mystery

After **Billie** checks on her familiar, **Moontoad**, the duo decide to
check on the unconscious gnome first. The left side of her face is
draped in a rapidly forming bruise. She is still out cold, and cannot be
roused by the team.

**Billie** and **Zephia** then each take an ogre, searching them for
anything of value. **Billie** finds a scroll of *Acid Arrow*, a large
string of wooden beads, and a piece of parchment with ogre words on it
and a crude picture of a gnome. **Zephia** finds a bag of copper coins,
and a map.

**Billie** shows **Zephia** the parchment, assuming it was the bill of
sale they\'d been looking for. **Zephia** insists it is not so (although
neither of them can read it), and decides immediately to burn it within
his fiery grasp. **Billie** was displeased, but moved on.

**Zephia** then shows the map to **Billie**, who is much more familiar
with geography. The map, though crude, does appear to be of the local
coastline: the path starting somewhere deep in the nearby *Taleah Woods*
and leading to the general area of *Lukil*. The duo pocket their
respective shares of the loot.

**Zephia** throws the gnome over his shoulder. **Billie** immediately
objects, saying that is not a comfortable way to carry a mammal. They
demonstrate the \'correct\' way by picking up both **Zephia** and his
charge, cradling them in their arms. Once set down, **Zephia** switches
to that position and sets off towards *Lukil*.

Later that evening, having handed over the gnome to their former host
for care and spreading word of the ogres\' attack so close to town, the
gnome wakes up. She identifies herself as **Beatrice**, and immediately
asks where her axe is.

The party responds that there was no axe nearby. **Beatrice** insists
that she needs her axe. **Billie** begins recounting, in excruciating
detail, the events of their day. An hour later, the story told despite
numerous protests by **Beatrice** and the host, **Billie** begins asking
if she was indeed owned by the ogres... If she\'d been bought by
someone... Why she got taken by the ogres... Why didn\'t she hold onto
her axe...

**Beatrice** then asks to speak to somebody else, cradling her aching
head in her hand.

**Zephia**, his head still hurting as well, demands to know why she
\'left her post\' at the village to go \'attack\' some ogres. Denying
she went to attack ogres, she says she \'has her reasons\' for visiting
Solimon\'s Delve, and asks them to retrieve her axe for her.

This is *not enough* for **Zephia**.

**Zephia** demands to know the details, wanting a reason for why she\'d
gone and tried assaulting some objective she couldn\'t handle, and
abandon the *Lukil* in the process. She doesn\'t budge, though, and when
pressed further by the increasingly agitated **Zephia** turns to the
host and begs for help recovering her axe.

**Billie** suggests she buy a new axe. **Beatrice** responds that she
\"can\'t\", and that that axe has been in her family for centuries.

At this, **Billie** and **Zephia** discuss the details of how they feel
about this wounded gnome\'s request. Eventually, with a huff, **Zephia**
announces they will go to *Solimon\'s Delve* to attempt to recover her
stupid axe that she lost while on her fool\'s jaunt. They then storm out
of the house.

The dark of night has brought with it some rain, which is steadily
pouring down. **Billie**, able to read the map and knowing it is a six
hour walk to the location it leads to, suggests they spend the night in
town first while feeding **Moontoad**. **Zephia** agrees, looking back
at the door of the house they\'d just left.

(Awkward, to say the least! - N.B.)

They try to get their former host to put them up, but are frankly told
that they\'ve upset the protector of their village, and so they
couldn\'t stay here while she recovered. Luckily, the neighbor has a
guest bed as well. **Zephia** took the bed again, because **Billie** is
fine with sleeping on the floor.

#### Part III: Delving Solimon

Six hours of hiking down softly worn trails in the forest, the duo
manages to make it to a large stone platform in the middle of a
clearing. In the center is a large trap door, which is closed. After
checking for traps, **Billie** leads the way down. **Zephia** guards the
rear. They have entered *Solimon\'s Delve*.

The room they enter is pitch black aside from the small light let in
through the door. **Billie** briefly describes the room to **Zephia**,
in an attempt to save him from lighting a torch. **Zephia** responds
sardonically that that would be a poor way to travel through the whole
of the ruin, and lights a torch.

They are in a room with stone walls, a few ancient barrels in the far
corner, and two exits: An archway to the West, and a wooden door to the
North. **Zephia** starts to move towards the archway, but **Billie**
moves to the door and begins listening at it. **Zephia** chooses to not
press the issue, and heads over to the door in case anything happens.

**Billie** hears some flowing water on the other side, and decides to
check the door for traps.

The door is not trapped... But it *is* stuck. It must not have been used
in some time. **Billie** tries to get it to move, working their shoulder
into it, but fails. **Zephia** tries as well, and when it won\'t move
for him he starts to punch with fists of flame. He puts three holes in
the door before it finally shatters, allowing them to move into the
Northern Room.

This large, square room houses an ochre jelly, which immediately begins
to move towards the party. At the far wall is a wooden chest on a
podium, and separating the podium from the slime is a 10 foot wide
channel of acid.

**Billie** begins to spout details about the ochre jelly, learned from
their studying of various books. **Zephia** notices that there are two
other doors leading to the South, further down the same wall they just
entered through

**Billie** casts *Spider Climb* on themself, and circumvents the channel
and jelly by climbing on the ceiling. At the chest, they successfully
find and disarm a plate that would have loosed arrows on anyone trying
to unlock the chest. Inside, they find a *Scroll of Conjure Carriage*, a
dagger which, again from (very brief) study, **Billie** recognizes as
being tied to *Asmodeus*, and a bag of coins.

Pocketing everything, they climb back to **Zephia**. He doesn\'t
recognize the dagger, but they split the coins.

As the jelly is gaining on them slowly but surely, they decide to leave
the room through the center door. It is stuck as well, but they are able
to force it open. The hallway leads South to an iron door, and East to a
dead end. **Billie** notices a hidden door behind a very inconspicuous
sarcophagus, and tries to get it open before realizing that it would
lead back to the same room.

Instead, they turn their attentions to the iron door. After a brief
third attempt to open doors in the last 10 minutes, **Billie** gets fed
up and casts *Knock* on the door, opening it without trouble.

The room they are in has a rather sheer chute at the foot of the door,
which seems to lead down into a ransacked tomb with bent copper coins
scattered all across the floor. They slide down the chute, landing
safely on their feet in the room below, the flickering torchlight
licking the floor in front of them.

What is in this oddly disheveled tomb? Where *is* the axe **Beatrice**
asked them to find? How will they deal with the jelly still following
them from the other room?

Find out next time, on \"The Ancanion Adventure Log.\"

*Cue Credits*

