---
layout: page
title: End of the Empire #001
permalink: /logs/eote-001/
---

## Adventure Log #1

### For the Session of the 20th of June

<div class="small box" markdown="1">
This Log was played entirely using Adventure Module **dnd35-NA01: Escape
the Dungeon**. Once the adventure is over, I will post a link to that
module here.

Thanks go, not to me, but to my Players: Rachel, Dylan, Ann, and Ryan.
Ethan could not make it, unfortunately, but will be in the next one.

</div>

#### Part I: Escaping the Cell

Four of the Five of our intrepid adventurers awoke to find themselves in
a dirty, empty, semi-well guarded cell. **Rane** and **Shahrazad**
originally formed an alliance, as did **Zacharia** and **Arydin**, but
they were hesitant to trust one another.

**Arydin** was able to pilfer a key from the sleeping guard using his
*Mage Hand* spell. He immediately gave it to **Zacharia**, who used it
to unlock their cell door, waking the guard. Although **Zacharia** tried
hide their escape by lying and stuffing the key in his pants, the guard
remained very suspicious. **Shahrazad** attempted to scare the guard
into backing off, but this only made the guard laugh.

The Guard then attempts to enter the cell. Both **Zacharia** and
**Arydin** attempted to tackle and grapple the Guard into submission.
They succeeded in knocking him out of the cell, but this did not bother
him.

The Guard Sent off a signal flare (*Dancing Lights*) using a wand, and
then proceeded to try to contain the obviously escaping prisoners. Two
guards were signalled, and came running down the halls to their cell. In
the mean time, **Zacharia** attempts to lock the cell door, to keep the
guards from reentering.

His arm is grasped by the Guard. The force of his grab is so strong that
**Zacharia** drops the key. The Guard then attempts to push open the
door, which **Zacharia** is leaning against. The door comes half open,
and Zacharia\'s arm is stretched to its limit.

While all this is going on, **Rane** and **Shahrazad** are both quietly
not resisting. **Rane** is on the other side of the cell, and sees a
secret door in the far wall, beneath a key hook. A bit later, this door
is also noticed by **Shahrazad**. Neither immediately tell the group
what they have noticed, and neither begin to resist the guards, who are
now three in number and menacing.

**Arydin** and **Zacharia** begin to realize that their situation is not
very good, and cease resisting. Both are beaten by the guards, and then
left to stew with their newfound wounds.

Once their jailer dismisses his backup, puts the key on the hook on the
far wall, and falls back to sleep, the party confabulates. **Shahrazad**
tells the rest of the party of the secret door, and **Rane** creates a
very haphazard plan: Unlock the door again, barge out and make a break
for the secret door in the far wall. **Arydin** is able to open the door
from afar with a spell (*Open/Close*) and **Zacharia** agrees with this
course of action.

They enact their plan, only to find that the door is not one to a
hallway, but to a closet of sorts... and it holds their confiscated
weapons! As they distribute the weapons as best they can, the guard
awakens and sets off another signal to bring back the backup.

With their new weapons, the guards are much easier. During the battle,
**Rane** discovers a door, behind which emanate some pained, agonizing
screams. She peaks through, and only sees a mass of blackish-gray fur
covered in some kind of green mucus. Comically, she shuts the door,
alerting the guard to her presence.

#### Part II: Xian and the Resistance

The rest of the party finishes dispatching the remaining guards, and the
party scouts down the two hallways: The one to the west, with the
screaming and the door, has a grate with a gate a bit farther down. The
one without the screaming, to the East, seems to go on for quite a
while, getting slightly wider as it nears the end of their sight. Before
settling on a decision, they loot the bodies of their former captors,
and ****Zacharia**** dons his new armor.

They opt to open the door, and are greeted with the rear-end of a
Venomous Rat (*Dire Dire Rat*), a naked, tortured, dying elf, and a
guardsman with a whip. The guardsman attempts to set the Rat on the
party, but drops the harness. The rat then turns on its former captor,
which eventually kills it. The Guard, however, is no match for the whole
party, and is quickly dispatched.

They heal the elf\'s body, but his spirit is broken. He now only longs
for death, unwilling to escape this horrible place. He does point out
that there is an encoded note crumbled up on the floor. The guard had it
partially decoded on a separate sheet in his breast pocket. The task of
decoding the message is left to **Rane**, while the rest of the party
tries to glean some information from the elf (and convince him to escape
with them).

The elf\'s name is Xian, and he tells of the Dort\'ar Resistance, who
were going to help him escape tonight. The Note confirms this, reading:

<div class="small box" markdown="1">
We will be beneath the watchtower at midnight tonight. One hour only.
Jump.

</div>

Xian reveals that it is now half past midnight, and they should hurry if
they plan to use his escape. Having tried and failed to convince him to
leave with them, they leave the naked Xian to his fate in the now empty
Torture Room.

#### Part III: The Sleeping Guards

They attempt to open the gate, which alerts an orange skinned, befanged
guard to their presence, who rushes off. Unable to open the Gate in the
Grate, they speed off down the hallway, towards the East. They come to a
room full of beds, but in their rush are not quiet enough to avoid
disturbing the guards. Four Naked Men with small daggers jump out of
their beds and move to subdue the party back into their cells.

They fail, though not very quickly. The party then takes stock of their
surroundings, and wonders what to do next.

They are in a room with 6 beds and 4 dead bodies. There are lockers on
the far end, bookending a very large, ornately built door with the word
\"Captain\" on the front. There is only one other exit, the way they
came, and time is running short. They must hurry.

What will happen to the party? Who is behind the locked door? And when
will they meet the final member of their party, destined by the fates to
arrive too late that day?

Find out next time, on \"The End of the Empire: Adventure Log.\"

*Cue Credits*

