---
layout: page
title: End of the Empire #002
permalink: /logs/eote-002/
---

## Adventure Log #2

### For the Session of the 11th of July

<div class="small box" markdown="1">
This Log was played entirely using Adventure Module **dnd35-NA01: Escape
the Dungeon**. Once the adventure hooks are over, I will post a link to
that module here.

Thanks go, not to me, but to my Players: Rachel, Ethan, Dylan, Ann, and
Ryan.

</div>

#### Part I: The Guard Captain

After defeating the Sleeping Guards last time, they take a few minutes
to survey their surroundings. The party notices a pair of trap doors on
either side of the room, as well as the lockers on the North wall.
**Rane** also decides to check each of the dead bodies, in the hopes of
finding something interesting.

The task of opening the doors falls to **Sharazad** and **Zacharia**.
They decide to do so at the same time, and reveal both a bound and dazed
**Dark Air Goblin**, and the corpse of another, less fortunate elemental
Goblin. The **Dark Air Goblin** (**Jareth**) is rescued, untied, and
welcomed by the party, though once he is fully awake **Zacharia** is
less trusting of him.

Meanwhile, **Rane** is searching the bodies of their most recent
assailants, and finds a key. She Pockets the key for now, and joins the
rest of the party near the trap doors.

**Arydin** points out the existance of the lockers, and he,
**Sharazad**, and **Zacharia** all raid their contents. Other than a few
weapons and armor suits, bereft of purpose now that their owners are
dead, they find a few personal items now orphened, which they decide to
adopt: *A Small Portrait of a Woman, A Rag Doll, A Bottle of Some Red
Liquid, and a Box.* After **Arydin** and **Zacharia** enjoy some
spooning beneath the beds, the party turns its attention to the door in
the North Wall.

**Sharazad** tries the door, and finds it to be locked. **Rane** then
uses her newfound key on it, but it doesn\'t seem to work. They then use
the key they found on the ring by their cell, and open the door to
reveal the Guard Captain: Fully Awake, Fully Armored, and Fully angry.

#### Part II: The Guard Captain and the Fork.

The party fights the Guard Captain, and **Jareth** holds his own as they
do so. After the fight, they raid his room, finding one final key. This,
they soon discover, is the key to the locked Grate from before.

They go to the grate, and unlock it, rushing through the corridors in an
attempt to make it to the top of the tower in time.

They have fifteen minutes left to get there.

Unfortunately, they come to a fork in the dungeon, with staircases
leading up both to the left and the right. From the left, they hear only
the sound of the rushing waters outside. From the right, they hear
hushed talk in some dialect of goblin, though they can\'t make it out
clearly. Talking it over, they decide to take the safer route and head
left, to the sound of the crashing waves.

They enter a room full of cages, with a large pedestal in the center of
the room. On the pedestal is a Large Green Gemstone, which is glowing
green. In each of the cages is an elemental halfbreed (Such as an Air
Goblin, or Water Elve), branded with a symbol denoting their elemental
origin. They have obviously been here for quite some time, and by the
looks of them, are the regular subjects of torture. The party could not
help them, and time was running out, so they immediately moved on up the
next flight of stairs, to the top of the tower.

To their surprise, this tower has no windows.

In this top room of the tower, there are only 3 ornately decorated
chests: One with Green Gems, one with Blue Gems, and one with Red Gems.
The party opens the one on the left, and some kind of smokey spirit
escapes, leaving behind bags of (oddly light weight) gold. They take
this gold, and leave, running down the stairs.

**Sharazad**, struck with a sense of greed as she once again passes by
such a large gemstone, decides to grab it as they attempt to leave. This
summons 4 Large Elemental Guardians to the room, meant to scare and
torment the creatures at the guards will. However, none in the party
look at all like guards, so they begin to attack everyone in the room,
for the next minute.

**Zacharia** and **Arydin** escape up to the room with the chests, while
**Rane**, **Sharazad**, and **Jareth** Stay in the room, or attempt to
go out the other door. Once the Elementals Fizzle, the party continues
down the stairs, leaving the gemstone behind, lest it again summon the
elementals which almost killed them.

#### Part III: Goblins and a Leap of Faith

They ascend the other flight of stairs, and come face to face with the
Goblin Guard from earlier... and 3 other of his kind. They are
attempting to stall the party, having signalled for more guards to come
as soon as possible. They fail, and are killed as the party rushes up
the stairs, trying hard to make it before the Resistance\'s Ship leaves.

However, upon arriving at the top of the tower, they can see no ship
waiting below the window. Assuming that the boat is still there (or at
least, that to stay here would (at best) mean their torture and death,
they decide to jump anyway.

As they fall, they find their speed gradually slowing, allowing them to
land safely upon an invisible platform over the waters of the lake. Once
safely landed, they are all hit on the back of the heads, and knocked
unconsious.

What will happen to the party? Who knocked everyone out? And what do a
horse and a bat have in common?

Find out next time, on \"The End of the Empire: Adventure Log.\"

*Cue Credits*

